docs: add note to Library Logging part to inform user about file rotate issue (#3883)
bentoml/BentoML: docs/source/guides/logging.rst

    bentoml_logger.addHandler(ch)
    bentoml_logger.setLevel(logging.DEBUG)

> .. note::
>     Important Notice: When using the BentoML serving API with the ``bentoml serve service.py:svc --production`` command,
>     please be aware that the execution of ``service.py`` takes place within a new forked child process.
>     It is crucial to avoid implementing any type of rotation FileHandler within service.py.
> 
>     The Python logging module is thread-safe within a single process
>     However, when utilizing multiple processes, each process has its own instance of the logger, and they write to their respective log files independently.
>     The logging module does not provide synchronization mechanisms for sharing loggers or log files across different processes.
> 
>     In this scenario, each process performs its own file rotation independently, which can result in overwritten archived log files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::

    :bdg-info:`Important:` ``bentoml serve`` will fork the given `service.py` into the child process. This means any type of rotation FileHandler are not supported within the service definition. See `notes from Python logging module <https://docs.python.org/3/howto/logging-cookbook.html#logging-to-a-single-file-from-multiple-processes>`_ for more information.
```
